hi friends, how are we some times
I bring in a little bit revised of this
accessory that the company has sent us
team art and good as you can see in the
box is already very battered
unfortunately, because of the
parcel and what it is about
good with this gadget we will be able to
take ya good we 'll be able to call
as a kind of self and without ton
press the iphone buttons we are going to
be able to take pictures at a distance to
you leave obviously you put your iphone
in a tripod and you know you can take the
photography from afar
I know there is or is 8 already brings
but with this accessory simply
let's press the button when
we want and ready we have no income
and his instructions are there and good
we will be able to press this button
when we want to be able
take the picture we need
let's check here the bluetooth and good
because nothing else asks us to enter
do and start the bluetooth
and ready it comes out synchronized and and it's
everything that he asks us but good we are going to
open it to see let's go here is good the
application for when you want to take
group photos I see it more for that
side with group photos I feel that is
incredible but good while here already
I have my iphone, we are going to turn on the
bluetooth let's go
settings
in settings we go to where bluetooth
obvious where are you bluetooth I saw you and
now let's try to turn it on here
we have off on good we learn it
we hope bring battery
it will be very simple is more or less like
the size of a car key a
sightly larger
but it has been exactly the same if
see me here keyboard comes out and changed me
the name to kick flash we press
and ready and ready
Now I want to think like nothing we
let's go to the camera
here I have the button here is my
squeezing nothing
and ready ok fully functional
we come back here we focus this we have here
the other button
and ready ok we want to focus good on
focal
returns when embocar
there is
and ready ok you can take as many pictures you
want
you can see it worked very well friends is
a very simple accessory but at the same time
very functional I repeat it again where
I would take photos done as I would go to
see if it works with video once
we are here
works with video you can record without
problem some
I liked it a lot I'm going to repeat
I would personally do it or take this
as a reference if you want to take
group photographs if yes
Group photos in which I want
include those times that we do not have to
who give the cell phone to take us
a picture well simply
we grab our control we press the
button to take your photo and ready as well as
you can see it and good friends as well as
always the accessories can be yours
in this case then this one I do not know how to
it's called souter kicks show kicks flash
stec ic flash can be for you the only
What we need is to get to 300 likes and
with that it can be yours
saleh 300 likes and leave me in the
comments remote photography that
is the word that you have to leave me
when the words photograph
distance goes out remember anyway
I leave you in the description of the video
the link to the team art page so that
you can check it out they are very accessories
economic really very very very
economic but how
they work correctly they come out well
friends, I do not have to tell you
many thanks to the company rip off
for trusting us to do this
small reviewed very many thanks to
you for watching these videos and remember
compete because we can be yours
we see in the next friends bye bye